we are going to talk today about this
University pathway program basically
that allows you to get into American
Universities without passing TOEFL and
you know getting fully prepared here in
the state and you can get acquainted
with the environment and you're gonna go
in with the state so it makes the
process easier
hello guys welcome to my channel I'm
filming from Elysee San Francisco today
and I have a guest with my channel my
name is Olga thank you all again for
joining us thank you Olga is a youth
program coordinator here at Elysee so
basically she helps students called
learning English here get into American
Universities sorry okay great
and we're going to talk today about this
university pathway program basically
that allows you to get into American
universities without passing TOEFL and
you know getting fully prepared here in
the States and you can get acquainted
with the environment and you're gonna go
in with the States so it makes the
process easier uhm so Olga my first
question would be when should I start
such a program oh well they're really
other better okay but it all depends on
your language level so before you arrive
are we going to assess I mean you're
reading writing and grammar skills as
well as your speaking and based on that
we can give you an estimate of how long
you should stay here but I would say the
minimum the minimum required required
length of stay for the u-pass program is
eight weeks and wealth max next time
engineer yeah for balanced right
that's right p.m. so if you if your
English is advanced then it's definitely
a minimum okay okay and this is both for
bachelor's and master's program yes
that's right some weeks do you have a
dog here and he's going crazy I think
he's gonna join us later I'm in fun okay
can you name some universities that
students normally get into after
graduating okay well we can look at
Lincoln University now Club which is
extremely popular
hi students we look at some East Coast
universities which would be a lie over
Washington no American University and
also Florida Florida State University we
also have a partnership with with Boston
Architectural College which is quite
popular one by one these students and it
was studying design and these are
probably our best plus university
humboldt humboldt university those who
were planning to stay in california if
we can look at some universities in
Arizona Arizona Northern Arizona
University also provides a pretty good
scholarship for bachelor degree students
mm-hmm and sometimes it can cover like
eighty percent of the tuition really yes
well yes not only really bachelors okay
and what do you need to get that
scholarship so basically you need to go
through your best program that's right
and you need to have pretty high GPA
great what is I went around reading I
like 3.5 3.5 yeah okay yes so and you
need to be quite an outstanding student
in high school if you're coming from the
high school let's say so and also you
need to submit your financial statement
so exactly you might not have enough
funds to cover your tuition and then so
then the preference would be given to
you okay and do you need to pass SAT for
that oh no you do not
oh no okay guys Arizona State right yes
no but no no Northern Arizona University
Northern Arizona University
no SAT no TOEFL whatever you pass no I
mean percent scholarship that's amazing
yes level of living like the price level
of living is also pretty low it is
yeah yeah and the climate is pretty much
the same as here it's a little warm over
there but they it's it's not that bad so
and it's it's really nice so usually
yeah it's it's one of the top schools
that some of our students would want to
go to but a lot of our students go to a
community college in California why well
the rug great universities like UC
Berkeley or just you and our partners so
if you support and yeah they wouldn't
find no it's closed right yeah by the
way you can do is you're gonna go to
Community College for two years
Community College like San Mateo the
oncologists of Silicon Valley which
includes ecologists you can go to
Foothill and De Anza and some of this
colleges they have partnership with
these universities it's not guaranteed
but a lot of students get into UC
Berkeley UCLA mm-hmm San Francisco State
after completing two years two years in
Angola and in two years
and they saved tons of money yeah yes
this is this is a pretty common program
for America so they started doing that
first and second year at college you'll
save a lot of money easy to get in and
then are they just transfer into the
third year of a prestigious university
that's right and they only get a diploma
from that University it doesn't mention
any college so yes it's a great great
way to do that um okay so um but if
you're preparing for a master's degree
then you would also do GRE and GMAT
grant right Jerry and j-man that's right
yes some universities do not require it
like Lincoln University in England and
Alliant University as well we have a
list of other schools that do not
require GMAT or GRE some other schools
would would require
and well this is a way English cousin
head okay yeah that's also true because
our students are betting Gerry and I
think this is well this is the hardest
exam you can think oh yeah I guess it's
really tough yeah okay and so let's talk
a little about the price of the program
and what you do during that so it's not
just our language course right it's also
do you do academic stuff like I don't
know Emma crying oh well students have
to be enrolled in at school and they
have to be full-time at ESSEC which
means they have to be with us 28 lessons
28 lessons a week which is Monday
through Thursday 9 to 3 and on Fridays 9
to 12:30 so they have to maintain these
courses and they can be a part of the
u-pass program which doesn't cost
anything on top so they just pay for the
classes
this isn't whether English language
that's right yes but they got any help
from me for for free okay I can come and
talk to me and they get help with
application letters to get help with
resumes sometimes if it's required with
essays and things like this this is oh
but the price for English courses
depends on how long you're at an estate
unless it has a lot of promotions okay
yeah we actually have one promotion
going on okay check out language a
common than illegal the links below we
always have the lowest prices so I think
we have 30% discount right now for all
the closest but we have discussed
throughout the year yeah
and there was another question about
yeah how so what's the so the minimum is
8 weeks and normally like what's the
normal like oh well I think usually it's
about
this looks to eight months and just to
kind of accommodate students and
seriously and get accustomed to American
culture yeah especially if it's their
first time leaving here and being a
tourist here as two different things and
definitely they have to come more time
in advance then if they applying for a
master's program they have to apply well
I would say at least two months before
the application deadline I would say
like oh yeah well then what do you get
some fun and yet late because
financially just distributed in Rome on
track two and then it's gone yeah okay
yeah but if you just want to get into
and you don't need any fun so at least
two months before the deadline so just
give yourself enough time yeah well and
actually guys if you're coming to San
Francisco we have an Italian students
coming on Sunday and I'm going to film
with him because this is an advantage
because I look really close to school
and I can come by and you know give me
also some advice about university
admission itself okay and so maybe the
the last question would be about pricing
of the universities like it normally was
what's the cost of college was the cost
of a master's program a Community
College can be from six to fifteen
thousand so it's it's pretty cheap it's
relatively cheap and when it comes to
university as well it can indepence the
range from probably the cheapest will be
about fifteen thousand a year up to
sixty looks like next to granny yeah
okay and then you could get some
scholarship but like it yeah yeah yeah
you can imagine a university that's
right
I mean if you have pretty high GPA and
if you're doing pretty great they might
give you maybe 10% discount I mean if
you paid fifty thousand a year
five thousand yeah yeah yeah that's true
and also the another good thing about
the program if you're struggling with
your recommendation letters that you can
see the recommendation from a t-shirt
was here yeah because I know many people
like I graduated from my school at four
years ago I don't remember any teachers
coming in - yeah so they have to stay
here for a long period of time with at
least five to six months yeah because
they recommend it has to know you it's
yes yeah hey can you do your
commendation okay cool I think this was
it guys if you have any other questions
please feel free to ask them in the
comments and don't forget to subscribe
to this channel like this video and
subscribe to my Instagram which is like
a marina and thank you so much for
helping us today with a little question
thanks okay
[Music]